Hello everyone,
and this is just gonna be a quick overview
of the objects and data structures assessment test.
So you can go ahead and go to nbviewer or GitHub
as we described earlier to get a copy of this notebook.
If you're in nbviewer, you can just click right here
at top right to download it.
And I'm just gonna go over the questions
make sure you understand all of 'em and what they're asking.
So in this question right here, Test your knowledge,
first thing I want you to do
is just write a brief description
of the following object types and data structures
we've learned about,
so number, string, list, tuples, and dictionaries.
Don't worry about sets and Boleans for this question.
Okay, so then there's gonna be a couple questions
for each of the different object types or data structures
we have learned about.
So in Numbers, first question, I want you
to write an equation that uses multiplication, division,
an exponent, addition, and subtraction to equal 100.25.
So this is just to test your memory
of the basic arithmetic commands,
so go ahead and feel free to work backwards from 100.25.
So you can start with like just dividing 100
then taking a power to it or just a square root, etc., etc.
Alright, next question, I have here two forward slash three
so I want you to explain what you believe
the cell below is gonna output
and how can you change the answer if it is correct.
So remember that discussion we had of the vision
between Python two and Python three.
That's what that question's getting at.
Alright, the next thing, I want you to answer
these questions right here,
what's the value of these expressions,
and do it in your head without typing code.
This has to do with order of operations,
make sure you understand
and then you can type the code out to check your answer.
Alright, next question.
What is the type of the result of the expression
3 + 1.5 + 4?
After that, what would you use to find a number's
square root, as well as its square?
So I'll let you go ahead and fill in that cell
once you're there.
Next section is gonna be strings so,
given the string 'hello', so you can see here s = 'hello',
give an index command that returns 'e'.
So you can use the code below.
So basically give some sort of index
so I only get 'e' out.
Then I want you to reverse the string 'hello' using indexing
so you can go ahead and code that there.
And then again, given the string 'hello',
I want you to give two methods
of producing the letter 'o' using indexing.
So I expect you have, be able to come at least with
two methods to produce just the letter 'o'
out of that 'hello' string.
Okay, moving along we have Lists.
So questions here, I want you to build this list
zero, zero, zero, three zeros
using two separate ways to build it out.
After this, I want you to reassign the 'hello'
in this nested list to say 'goodbye',
so that's gonna check your understanding
of index levels for a nested list.
Then I want you to sort the list below.
See if you remember how to do that.
Moving on, we'll have Dictionaries.
So using keys and indexing, grab 'hello'
from the following dictionaries.
So this is gonna get progressively harder and harder.
Right now, this one should be pretty simple for you,
so I want you to use keys and index calls with brackets
to grab 'hello' out of this dictionary,
then out of this dictionary, then out of that dictionary,
and then out of this dictionary.
So you notice, the nesting gets harder and harder.
Okay, then I want you to answer the question,
Can you sort a dictionary? Why or why not?
Tuples:
What's the major difference between tuples and lists?
and, how do you create a tuple?
are the questions there.
Sets: What is unique about a set?
Use a set to find unique values of the list below.
And then Booleans, so for the following quiz questions,
I have a brief table here of all the comparison operations
so I want you to go ahead and read through this.
There's an entire section devoted to comparison operators,
but this will be a nice little preview for you to read.
So, go ahead and read this, but basically what it's saying
is here we have the operator,
the description of what it does, and a quick example.
So for instance, this == is an example of
checking if the two operands are equal.
So then the condition becomes true.
So a equals b in this case is not true,
but a == a would be true.
And then the greater than, less than, etc., etc.
So, I want you to go ahead and look at these
and before you run the cell,
answer what the Boolean you believe will be.
Okay, so don't worry too much about these operators
if they're confusing you, as far as comparison operations,
then you can go ahead and feel free to skip this section
and wait until you complete the comparison operators
section of the course.
Okay, then there's one final question.
So, given these two nested lists,
what do you think will be the output of this cell block?
And then run it to check your answer.
Okay, that's it and good luck on your first assessment.
Okay, thanks guys.